say.
of the world.
From angels gently near the earth,
to touch their hearts of gold.
Peace on the earth, good will to men,
the friends of gracious He.
The world in solemn stillness play,
you hear the angels sing.
Still through the golden skies they come,
with little wings of pearl.
And still their heavenly music flows,
for all the weary world.
For the eternal glory plays,
in heaven the glory queen.
And ever more its fervent sounds,
the blessed angels sing.
For the heavens and near the earth,
all the world is filled with its music.
The earth is filled with the music,
the world is filled with the music.
For the heavens and near the earth,
all the world is filled with the music.